at the beginning today is a very tutorial
special because today is my day
birthday and I'll show you how to make
a delicious birthday cake without
oven because I know that you try
the recipes and normal part decorates it
from one of my favorite characters that
they are the valve minions the first time
that with a cake in the form of
character and although it was somewhat difficult
it was also very funny if you never
you have decorated a cake in the shape of
character you must have a lot of patience and
You will see that in the end you will have a beautiful
cake and look how it's done
to start making the cake you're going to
need 400 grams of chocolate to
melt this can be bitter or semi
bitter 400 milliliters of milk and 4
eggs first place a pot with water
and then above it a smaller one
this is to melt the chocolate to
bain marie with the very short flame of your
stove you're going to start putting this
chocolate in the pot when you see that you
chocolate begins to melt in the
constantly down model constantly
this is to prevent our
chocolate does not burn
when your chocolate is already all of
retirement in the beginning to see what comes out
very nice you're going to start putting the
milk and you'll stir it little by little
after the milk add 4 eggs without
stop moving
was vélez constantly and when
I began to see that you go out in burbujitas
to put out the fire
Now we are going to cover a refractory with
aluminum foil and let's start to
assemble our cake for that
we need square cookies from
we get these vanilla in the
supermarket and water with soluble coffee the
water has to be warm no matter the
amount of coffee that you put this alone
try me if you like it like this is perfect
and to give more flavor to the coffee I
I'll put some coffee liqueur if
you do not have it at home does not matter
you can skip this step now let's
start putting your cookies in the coffee
you're going to soak them do not leave them that much
time because if they do not get wet
too much and they break you're going to try and
you are going to put them in your refractory
since it ends is putting a layer of
cookies now follows a layer of our
chocolate again was a layer of
cookies then chocolate and so they go
to do until you have four layers of
cookies since you finished putting the
four layers of cookies now with paper
waxed or aluminum foil you will cover it
the important thing here is that this has to
be all well compressed then what
what we are going to do is start
press it to press even more
I'm going to put another refractory from it
size on top of my cake you're going to
Leave in the freezer for 5 hours to
that everything is fine while your
cake is in the freezer in a bowl
you are going to put 500 milliliters of cream
beat and a quarter cup of icing sugar
or equal to zenit or sugar so that it does not
lumps and you're going to beat all this
is to create our bitumen if you
you prefer you can buy it in the
supermarket now with a fork you're going to
beat a cream cheese bar for
then add our mix and you go
to continue beating
when you start to see those peaks that are
do in the cream means that it is already
what we are going to do now is give
bitumen color to decorate our
this cake is going to be yellow
since you had the yellow color
of the child you will continue with the other
while putting it in the refrigerator now
you're going to start painting the bitumen for the
pants this is blue
finally you are going to paint a bit of bitumen
of color black this coloring you can
get where they sell materials
premiums when you have finished painting
your bitumen I put all of them to the reflection and
here your cake froze now you're going to
take it out you will start to extend your
aluminum does not matter that the above does not
have frozen now what we're going
to do is cut and shape the child
first you're going to start cutting with the
knife the tips to make it oval
now on a table oppose aluminum
you're going to put upside down to flip
the cake places another table below and with
help from someone around the cake
then you're going to remove the aluminum and the
excess chocolate in your cake we are going to
start putting the shoe polish but for that
let's mark how far they will go
your pants
let's start with the top
and this is yellow you're going to put
enough bitumen to cover all that
part and with a spatula you're going to start
spread it
now let's put on his pants
to make the child's eyes I'm going to
use two round cheese crackers
cream and chocolate was from the
cheese square in half now
I take a cookie cutter and dip
in warm water to make it easier
cut the cheese
and you're going to put your cookie like this
finish your eyes you will take a
knife to remove some cheese and
you are going to put the chocolate as if it were
your little boy now let's look at
our minion now with a bag one
pastry bag and a tip like this we're going to
start putting the details with the
black bitumen begins to draw the
lenses from the inside out
now you are going to use a tip like this
to mark the final lines
and I'm going to put one here because it's my
cake do not forget to put a big
Smile now with a toothpick
punch holes in his little head to put
the hair I found these sweets that
they are like long gummies there were no blacks
so our minion will have hair
blue
with these chocolates you're going to put
its buttons
and now we are going to create the framework of their
lenses for this you're going to need two
rolls of cream cheese and sugar
silver this you can get in a
Raw materials store to finish
this delicious cake places its frame
around the eyes and ready like that we
is our delicious minion cake
I hope you liked this idea and
if you make this delicious cake take a
picture and send me my facebook
twitter or instagram to see how you
I want to dalila and share this video if a
you like minions and do not forget
to go to this page to vote for the
following
AHA
first you will have to see something similar to
this is going to I like a lot because the
decoration moves all day already
finished will know the final design that
you did in colors if there will be no doubt
that are ladybirds like this are our
cheese sandwiches in the shape of
animals